To my dearest kat, 

I'm sitting here trying to figure out how I can put my feelings into words. It has always been a struggle for me to be expressive despite wanting to do so. It aches me that I am what I am and that I have not gotten better at it after all these years, right now I am just thinking about how I can go about and do this analytical by thinking up an outline or a framework in writing this but I guess I would just have to make do with going with the flow and not use my head for once. 

I have so much to tell you about how I feel, to translate the beating of my heart into words that beat with yours. Since we were kids, I've always felt an attachment towards you. I like being by your side or simply glancing at you in the corner or usually by my side since we've always seated close together during classes. Back then I've always thought that you were a wonderful person, you were smart, pretty, and kind (also pretty tall). It seemed like you were just breezing through everything then, especially in school. You were responsible and someone that people can depend on, you made everyone around you feel that things are going to be okay. That's how you've made me feel, everytime I needed someone to talk to you were there to keep my company and tell me the right words that I needed to hear. You were always right you always had the solutions to many different problems, and  I looked up to you because of that. I wanted to be as great of a person that you are so that one day when you find yourself tired and worn, I can finally return the favor to you. I wanted to be someone that you can depend on too, someone that can tell you the words that you need to hear, and someone to push you further towards your dreams. I should be that person. That was my promise, that was my vocation.

Last night, I realized how much I strayed away from that path. I am deeply sorry that I am not the person that I promised I'd be. You were never supposed to feel that you were alone, that you were difficult to love, I was supposed to be your beacon, your sign that you deserve the same love that everyone deserves. I know that you've been struggling for a while now and I am sorry that your path has been full of pain and suffering, I'd trade or sacrifice anything in a heartbeat just to make your life a bit easier, only if it was that simple. There isn't much that I can do to fix any of these, I understand that now, I am not supposed to fix anything because there is nothing to fix. We can't just cut the wires above us to make crawling through the mud easier, because well life doesn't give us a wire cutter in the first place. The best that we can do is crawl through the end together no matter how muddied or tired we end up being and that is what I promise to give you. You are not gonna crawl through this alone, at the end of the line I'll be by your side and pull you up if you need it. Life is something that we're gonna suffer through together and I promise you that I will get through this with you with kindness and gentleness, I owe you that much to put aside my pride and anger whenever things get too muddy. I promise you my love that we will be better and I will be better. I love you so much and please come back to me.

